[Music]
they would take you more a week ago they
can be very very nervous of humans and
whatever time I've heard of humans so
far has probably been pretty hellish
[Music]
boy it's kind of County
what is this place
[Music]
Oh at this point we don't know for sure
what's happened but David and Jane have
disappeared and we believe they've been
taken the enclosure was locked so would
it have been that somebody's climbed
over this grabbed a carb you know you
know pretty scratchy and by teacup
thrown it in a bag and managed to climb
back over and do all of that without
anybody here in it it means we were
being watched and targeted to get those
bears every time you get a rescue done
you've won a fight but a battles not
over I guess we just didn't expect them
to bring the battle to our doorstep
[Music]